In the first lesson, the form of hands we made are more dominated by our consciousness. Our consciousness—bending fingers—detecting changes in the circuit—turns into electrical signals. It focuses more on the interactive relationship between humans and machinery, that is, machinery assists human actions. As the subject of action, people are like operating equipment. In this lesson, the “hand” is more like a puppet without emotion, which makes me feel uncomfortable. Our hand mechanically transfers the motion to the prosthetic hand through the connection of the rope, and the prosthetic hand imitates the motion of our hand without emotion and transmits the motion to the circuit. This kind of imitation seems very simple, but it can never imitate the actions of people themselves. And it is the prosthetic hand that controls the circuit, which makes me feel that I am in a position that seems to be active but passive. Imagine that the current artificial intelligence is like this artificial hand, imitating our actions mechanically and without emotion, collecting our information, and then performing various operations on our behalf.

Thoughts
To present the "prosthetic hand" in the most perfect state, we made two hands before and after the group. The first hand was not a perfect success. The main reason was the poor contact between the wires, which caused the sound to sometimes fail to play successfully. So in the second experiment, we carefully soldered each wire to ensure that the circuit is closed. I was also shocked by the differences between the codes written by different people to achieve the same purpose. The code I wrote before was very complicated and prone to bugs, while some students' codes were concise and easy to understand. This is what I need to learn. Thank you very much for having this opportunity to cooperate in the group. Everyone is very good. I learned a lot from learning from each other.
